hello hello boys and girls this is on
the seal of course and oh yeah sad as I
promised you guys you guys would get
more close close quarters expansion pack
or dlc gameplay we got some conquest
domination here and I think this is
probably gonna be my favorite game mode
even though gun gun the monster I always
want to say gun game because game master
doesn't make sense and so used to
construct but anyway conquest domination
is probably gonna be my very very
favorite mode I haven't tried out that
close quarters team deathmatch yet but
I'm guessing this is gonna be more fun
and just just enjoy this nice little
sleep we got the space with that with
the nice very very nice slug as I told
you guys before in the earlier video I
was going to show you this video and I'm
running as i said this past extended
magazine red dot sight and of course the
nice deer slug oh yes or stabbed but
around whatever you want to call it
basically that was a hell of a fucking
killing spree but this oh god I love
this past with that with a deer slug in
Wilson it will set tapes who recommended
it and old god it was right I mean it is
just a fucking beast with the deer slug
you guys are gonna like this it's a very
very short game but it also serves a
purpose because if I'm gonna be able to
actually upload the video game play of
these maps and by the way this is on
scrapyard but I don't think I really
need to say that since yeah it says so
in the title I think it's gonna be
pretty is it is the understand but
anyways I really actually like how they
made the maps they are very like you can
you can attack from many different
corners and and all that kind of good
stuff that it's kind of I know it's kind
of sounds heretic to say this but it's
kind of like a good mix between belfie'
and call of duty don't get me wrong it's
definitely not call of duty it's not
even cause it's still battlefield but
it's just better fit with more action
and less fucking running and less
getting shot by a tank in the face by
some noob become aim this is what you
want to play if you can aim and if you
can run and you if you can like expect
when enemies are gonna come from and
stuff like that this is the game mode
you are gonna love it sure there are
infantry only maps and servers I mean
servers rather than maps in battlefield
3 but even there you have the Humvees
and the vodník and shit like that and I
mean if you're running a medic and you
don't have a rocket launcher that guy's
gonna fucking kill you if it's easier
and you can't kill him you have no
chance all you can do is hide here on
gun master or on conquest domination and
just like in regular team deathmatch if
you can aim and shoot you are the boss
or ordered like I would like to say you
are the waiking you're a man you're the
one who decides who's gonna die and
who's gonna live and stuff like that and
mostly when you decide you decide to
kill them because it's more fun anyways
I hope you guys will enjoy this gameplay
because I get a pretty nice scoring at
least a few minutes and i gotta say
overall looking at how the maps looked
remember this is recorded in 720p and on
the medium and the low settings i got
actually playing this a little bit
without recording myself so because when
i record i can't actually play on ultra
graphics and 1080p I can hardly play on
that with my graphic card as it is
simply because I got one gtx 570 and
that's a beast card that costs about
four hundred dollars or about 300 euro
and I cannot afford to buy another one I
do not blame anyone who can't afford one
even because dude that's a lot for a
fucking graphics card that's that's
expensive shit right there but I think
you can actually win like GTX 5 58 or 59
T if if you win the PT ptfo tournament
so I'm hoping me and Jack are gonna win
it pretty slick to know but anyway is a
scrap yard or no scrap metal I think
yeah it's crap now not scrap yards grab
Mel is the math name it seems to be some
kind of I don't know like Russian
Russian factory i would say or abandoned
factory anyways but it's on a credibly
fun map I mean I got 26 skills and find
us in just five minutes I mean this is
what you want to play if you want to
have a quick amount of funds in place so
I hope you guys enjoy the video and as
usual have a wonderful day bye bye